and we've got one more view for you look
at this see asking for she smoked the
tires really early delwar Sherman he had
the cylinder out that caused the tired
night not to have enough wheel speed
went into the shake that's why it smoked
the tires he did a good job to get a
recover but once again just wasn't
enough is a 586 comes up short with that
516 bump spot and that great view coming
from way over the racetrack is that
blimp there that is a galaxy unmanned
blimp if you're in the RC flying that
would be like one cool thing to run
because it's 60 feet long and gives you
these great shots from over the track
down on the line way way down there
you're taking a look at Jack Beckman's
forehand go to thank Tony you know Mike
like you said really the only way that
that hot rod could lost that race if
they beat themselves but you know if you
notice and you look at how clean those
header flames are there and there is the
look at this magnificent track it's a
multi-purpose facility Firebird
International you see the lake over on
the right side and then over right on
the edge of the Bondurant school Bob
Bondurant my friends got a great
competition school here look at the guy
sitting in the chair and he's the one
flying the villain because it's all
radio-controlled 60 feet long 14 feet in
diameter
and no airport needed stay in the air
for six hours there it is up over the
track we got to get one of those when
you want me at the controls having a
little camera on and fly it over the
neighborhood logger are in at the line
Dave Grubnic and Bob Vandergriff this
should be an incredible matchup Grubnic
ranlo et of the race in round one now
let's send you the far end and Gary
gerald let's take another look at you
have to drive it as much this time Tony
my car is impressive it hikes a front
end up and it's a handful because these
dragsters not as much staring as you
would have to do in a funny carpet
Rudnick seems like he's awful busy again
look at the header plane